
Meeting 13: Review of Design Docs by Mentor
=============================================
Date : 4th March 2016
Time : Scheduled - 1:45 P.M.
     Started   - 2:00 P.M.
Venue : Outside Lab Building
Recorded By : Sheetal (201301224)

Agenda :
--------
This meeting was to discuss the changes that had to be made in the diagrams.
Following Changes were Suggested by our mentor :
1. Use Case Diagram needs to have roles separated.
2. Sequence Diagram should have conditions written on the arrow.
3. Class Diagram needs to be edited further and more class needs to be added.

Respective team members had noted down the changes suggested by our mentor and further discussion on it was scheduled for the meeting the same day at 10:00 P.M.

Meeting Ended :
---------------
2:00 P.M.

Next meeting :
---------------
4th March 2016 (Night)
