
Meeting 11 : Design Phase discussion
=====================================

Date : 24th February 2016  
Time : Scheduled - 10:00 P.M.  
       Started   - 10:40 P.M.  
Venue : Cep 107  
Recorded By : Sheetal (201301224)  

Agenda : 
---------
To Discuss on the tools used in the desig phase and make the changes in the SRS.

Brief description about the meeting : 
--------------------------------------
From the discussion that we had and from the information that we got from the TA, we had to make following 6 documents need to be made by the front-end team:
1. Use-Case Diagram
2. Class Diagram
3. Activity Diagram
4. Sequential Diagram
5. DataFlow Diagram
6. UI Diagram
and following needs to be drawn by the backend team:
1. Data Dictionary
2. Something similar to ER Diagram.

We also finalized on the tools that we would be using:
For front-end we would be working on javaScript, HTML and CSS.
For back-end we would be working on mongoDB.

Meeting Ended : 
-------------
10:40 P.M.

Post Meeting Action Items :
----------------------------

    |                  Action                  |  Assigned To   |     Deadline     |
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    |   Search on the diagrams to be built     |    Everyone    |    25/02/2016    |
    |      Get the survey forms filled         |    Everyone    |    25/02/2016    |
    |    Make the meeting log on github        |    Sheetal     |    01/02/2016    |
    --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Decision Made : 
-------------
To get the survey form filled by all the members of your wing and your friends. Also try to get it filled by all the people that you know in our college. Search on the diagrams to be made and start working on it.

Next meeting :
-------------
3rd March 2016
