
Meeting: Doubts and documentation
===============================

Date : 31st March 2016
Time : Scheduled - 6:00 P.M.
       Started   - 6:00 P.M.
Venue : Cep ground floor, Near DCEI room.
Recorded By : Sakshi Mangal (201301212)



Agenda :
-------
Main purpose of this meeting is to discuss doubts which all of us are facing in our assigned tasks.

Brief description about the meeting :
-------------------------------------
In this meeting we discussed about our doubt in the work assigned. People who are working on coding part cleared their doubts. Members who are facing problems in the format and content of any document which is assigned to them then, we discussed about it. If the assigned work is done then new tasks are given. 

Meeting Ended :
---------------
6:40 P.M.

Post Meeting Action Items :
---------------------------

    |                  Action                      |  Assigned To         |  Deadline        |
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
    | Risk monitoring, mitigation and management   |   Viraj, Jay         |    01/04/2016    |
    |        Test matrix                           |   Gaurav, Dhwanil    |       -          |
    |       User manual                            |   Samriddhi,Sheetal, |    05/04/2016    |
    |                                              |   Viraj, Jay         |
             Critical path                         |   Sakshi             |    01/04/2016    |
    |        CMP review                            |   Ankit              |       -          |
    |        RM3p review                           |   Samriddhi          |       -          |
    |        QAP review                            |   Rajiv              |       -
    |    Make the meeting log on github            |    Sakshi            |    01/04/2016    |


Decision Made :
---------------
We decided to start working on whatever work is assigned to everyone as soon as possible.

Next meeting :
-------------
3rd April 2016
